<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:t="http://myfaces.apache.org/tomahawk"
	xmlns:c="http://java.sun.com/jsp/jstl/core"
	xmlns:fmt="http://java.sun.com/jsp/jstl/fmt"
	xmlns:a4j="http://richfaces.org/a4j"
	xmlns:rich="http://richfaces.org/rich">

<h:form>
<p><strong>Fun Fun Spell</strong> is a website provided free English practice launched on January 2009.
<br />It is produced by two volunteers, a English teacher father and a Software Engineer son in Hong Kong.
<br />As we are working as a community project, with limited time resources, Fun Fun Spell are keep on improving and developing in discontinuously.
</p>

<p><strong>And your support is the major motivation for our development!</strong></p>

<p>Up to now, we already provided:</p>
<ol> 
<li>Vocabulary practice - Learning new words or improving listening</li> 
<li>Phonics practice - Practicing International Phonetic Alphabet (IPA)</li>
<li>Self dictation - Pronouncing any word you input for dictation yourself</li>
</ol>

<p>Contact us:
<br />Email: <a href="mailto:contactfunfunspell@gmail.com"><u>contactfunfunspell@gmail.com</u></a> 
<br />Web page:&nbsp;<h:commandLink action="contactus"><u>click here</u></h:commandLink>
</p>

<p><strong><i>For IT people:</i></strong></p> 
<p>On technically, Fun Fun Spell is used for demonstrating the most updated development framework and technology on Java. 
<br />As we got only one developer, promoting reusable structure and easy to use framework are critical mission in programming of our site.
</p>
<p>If you are interesting to join us, please contact us directly. We are open to any volunteer.</p>

<p>What we using:</p> 
<dl>
<dt>Server:</dt>
<dd>Apache HTTP Server</dd>
<dd>Apache Tomcat</dd>
<dd>Sun MySQL</dd>
<br /><br />
<dt>Programming Framework:</dt>
<dd>Sun JEE 5</dd>
<dd>Spring framework</dd>
<dd>JBoss Hibernate </dd>
<dd>Java Server Faces (JSF)</dd>
<dd>Facelets</dd>
<dd>JBoss RichFaces</dd>
<dd>Apache MyFaces</dd>
</dl>
<p>Contact our developer: 
<br />Facebook: thcathy@gmail.com 
<br />Email: <a href="mailto:thcathy@gmail.com"><u>thcathy@gmail.com</u></a> 
<br />MSN: thcathy@msn.com
</p>
</h:form>
</ui:composition>