<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:t="http://myfaces.apache.org/tomahawk"
	xmlns:c="http://java.sun.com/jsp/jstl/core"
	xmlns:fmt="http://java.sun.com/jsp/jstl/fmt"
	xmlns:a4j="http://richfaces.org/a4j"
	xmlns:rich="http://richfaces.org/rich">
<p>
	<a href="#a1"><u>Reason to set up FunFunSpell.com</u></a><br />
	<a href="#a2"><u>Why students find spelling English words difficult?</u></a><br />
	<a href="#a3"><u>How can this spelling game help students?</u></a><br />
	<a href="#a4"><u>Why spelling is important in language learning?</u></a>
</p>
<a name="a1"></a>
<h3>Reason to set up FunFunSpell.com</h3>
<p>Most students have difficulty in learning English as a second language. For instance in Hong Kong, English teaching was emphasized on grammatical knowledge before 1960. This way of teaching seems worked since pupils who could keep on study in school were selected to stay through examination. The pupils selected were either elite in academic or self-motivated in their study because of the precious chance of learning.</p>
<p>However, in the 1970s, more children can study in schools since more resources were put to schooling by the government. Soon, the education institutions found the general English level among the students were declined. The conventional English teaching method is blamed to be the cause. Therefore, English teaching was suggested to be taught in the way as the first language after a few researches managed by some foreign experts. However, the English level has been kept on declining since the new teaching method was adopted.</p>
<p>Is there anything wrong with the teaching methods? We as educators attempted to seek out the reason by studying some findings from the fields of cognitive psychology, child development and educational principle. It is supposed that we should think at the view of how a child learns instead of how to teach a child. In practice, a series of learning process on spelling program was first designed parallel to how to activate a child’s auditory memory system. It has been found so useful that most students with spelling difficulty can spell excellently after spending about sixty hours on the spelling program.</p>
<p>Later, another series of training process on English comprehension was also built to train students to understand English sentences and discourses, as well as to express themselves in English grammatically. It has been found powerful in helping students to learn using English as their second language and we also found there are many differences in learning English as a first language and a second language. Intend to benefit more students in learning English as a second language, this website, the funfunspell.com is set up.</p>
<a name="a2"></a>
<h3>Why students find spelling English words difficult?</h3>
<p>There would be no or less difficulties for students to learn Chinese as their first language or English students to learn English as their first language compared to learn second language since we learn our first language accompanying with language environment and our inborn language learning ability. However, most students are confused when they attempted to remember a large number of English words even though they are smart in reciting Chinese words.</p>
<p>Why they can remember how to write Chinese words but difficult to remember the spelling of English words. What is the difference between learning an English word and a Chinese word? The logic of creating an English word and a Chinese word is fundamentally different. A Chinese word is created by the appearance of the object it represented primitively such as ‘sun’ and ‘horse’ and then more words are created basically on the pictorial figures, their sounds and ideological combinations. To memorize the writing of a Chinese word, we activate our visual memory system and ideological thinking since Chinese words are pictographic based. However, an English word is created by how the word is sounded primitively such as that we try to memorize the English word ‘sun’ by its utterance instead of its appearance otherwise we only try to remember a large number of unrelated code if we have to remember a great deal of English words.</p>
<p>To memorize the spelling of an English word, we activate our audio memory system. Therefore, by adopting the ideology of memorizing a Chinese word to learn how an English word is spelled implies that one has inappropriately activated his/her cognitive system. In order to memorize English words efficiently, learning to spell according to how the words are sounded has to be achieved in prior. So it is commonly agreed that Chinese students who have spent several hours on pronunciation can spell better.</p>
<a name="a3"></a>
<h3>How can this spelling game help students?</h3>
<p>The ability to learn is innate. To survive, all creatures have to explore the surroundings to enhance their adaptation. Like chimps, they can assimilate each other’s behaviour so that they can hunt or get food in the jungle effectively. Besides learning, humans are born to teach. However, human beings emphasize on teaching after the industrial revolution so that educational institutions are set up in the purpose of how to teach and what to teach.</p>
<p>Learning in school becomes the responsibility of the children but each student is an independent individual that each of them is self decided to learn or not to learn so it is not correct to force anyone to learn or intend to offer any knowledge to anyone who are not interested to learn. Most parents complain their children spending too much time on playing TV games compare to their study hours. Why TV games are more attractive than teaching materials? Playing TV games is self consciousness but learning from schools or teachers is imposed upon the children by adults as offer or enforcement. Therefore, we have to activate the instinct of the child to learn other than concentrate on what to teach and how to teach.</p>
<p>What factors stimulate the child to learn? There are many theories and findings done by different scientists and scholars. We simply conclude that ‘curiosity’ and ‘competition’ come with birth initially while ‘satisfaction’ and ‘desire’ come after birth as a continuous motivation. These four components generate the momentum of a child to keep on learning.</p>
<p>In order to attract children to learn and to practice self-consciously, this spelling task consists of some features of ordinary TV games. Instead of pushing the students to memorize all the spelling, the spelling game is designed to activate the children’s curiosity to discover what word the International Phonetic Alphabet is represented. The scoreboard design offers a sense of challenge to the players. The spelling game is grading correspondingly to the learning ages of each player so that they would be satisfied by their scores and the meritorious placing would call out the players’ desire to keep on participating to the spelling game. In addition, the game allows the players to compete among a group of designated members which they themselves assigned in advanced.</p>
<a name="a4"></a>
<h3>Why spelling is important in language learning?</h3>
<p>Studying English as a language other than a medium of communication includes the ability to listen, to write, to read and to speak. The procedure to achieve these abilities is the understanding of words, grammar, sentences and then essays. The basic unit of a language is word so that spelling is the most important component when first approaching to learn English language. English words are built from twenty-six letters which are specified with sounds. Therefore, it is more important to learn words by its pronunciation than its appearance. It is worth to spend more time and effort on spelling skill at the beginning stage especially at the infant stage since the language learning ability is innate that activates frequently to help a child on language development between birth and the age of twelve.</p>
</ui:composition>